docs: Added initial PR template with directions for doc only changes and squash merges [no ci] (#7700)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guidelines

## Checklist

* Make sure your PR follows the [coding guidelines](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/blob/master/README.md#coding-guidelines)
* Test your changes using the commands in the [`tests`](tests) folder. For instance, running the `./tests/test-backend-ops` command tests different backend implementations of the GGML library
* Execute [the full CI locally on your machine](ci/README.md) before publishing

## PR formatting

> * Please rate the complexity of your PR (i.e. `easy`, `medium`, `hard`). This makes it easier for maintainers to triage the PRs.

Reviewer: This should probably reflect the label names

```suggestion
* Please rate the complexity of your PR (i.e. `low`, `medium`, `high`). This makes it easier for maintainers to triage the PRs.
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed. I do wonder if it's reasonable to ask people to type something like `medium complexity` as that might be less ambiguous to match against a regex in the future.

Reviewer 2: directly edited it just now so all good

* If the pull request only contains documentation changes (e.g., updating
READMEs, adding new wiki pages), please add `[no ci]` to the commit title. This will skip unnecessary CI checks and help reduce build times.

> * When squashing multiple commits on merge, use the following format for your commit title: `<module>:<commit title> (#<issue_number>)`. For example: `utils: Fix typo in utils.py (#1234)`

Reviewer: I think suggesting to use spaces seems preferable, because that's how both [ggerganov](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+author%3Aggerganov) and [slaren](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+author%3Aslaren) format their PR titles and commit messages.
```suggestion
* When squashing multiple commits on merge, use the following format for your commit title: `<module> : <commit title> (#<issue_number>)`. For example: `utils : Fix typo in utils.py (#1234)`
```
